add cbmem boot time measurment doc (#87)
Dasharo/docs: docs/variants/asus_kgpe_d16/dasharo-compatibility/cbmem_boot_time_measurment.md

# Dasharo Compatibility: Boot Time Measurement

## Test Cases

### BTM001.001 Coldboot time measurement

**Test description**

> Test aims to measure coldboot time.

Reviewer: `This test aims`

**Test configuration data**

1. `OPERATING_SYSTEM` = `Ubuntu 20.04`

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the
   [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware)

> 2. Get `cbmem`

Reviewer: I think we should specify what cbmem is. Tool?

**Test steps**

1. Disconnect the DUT from power source.

2. Connect back the DUT to power source.

3. Power ON the DUT.

4. Use the below command to look at boot timestamps:

        sudo cbmem -T

**Expected result**

1. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:

        99     4084321 818      selfboot jump

In this example we take `4084321` timestamp.

2. To get time in seconds, we need to divide the timestamp by 1000000.

        4084321 / 1000000

### BTM002.001 Warmboot time measurement

**Test description**

> Test aims to measure warmboot time.

Reviewer: `This test aims`

**Test configuration data**

1. `OPERATING_SYSTEM` = `Ubuntu 20.04`

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the
   [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware)

> 2. Get `cbmem`

Reviewer: I think we should specify what cbmem is. Tool?

**Test steps**

1. Power ON the DUT.

2. Power OFF the DUT.

3. Power ON the DUT.

4. Use the below command to look at boot timestamps:

        sudo cbmem -T

**Expected result**

1. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:

        99     4084321 818      selfboot jump

In this example we take `4084321` timestamp.

2. To get time in seconds, we need to divide the timestamp by 1000000.

        4084321 / 1000000

### BTM003.001 Reboot time measurement

**Test description**

> Test aims to measure reboot time.

Reviewer: `This test aims`

**Test configuration data**

1. `OPERATING_SYSTEM` = `Ubuntu 20.04`

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the
   [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware)

> 2. Get `cbmem`

Reviewer: I think we should specify what cbmem is. Tool?

# Dasharo Compatibility: Boot Time Measurement

## Test Cases

### BTM001.001 Coldboot time measurement

**Test description**

This test aims to measure coldboot time.

**Test configuration data**

1. `OPERATING_SYSTEM` = `Ubuntu 20.04`

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the

>    [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware).
```

2. Get `cbmem` tool from
[here](https://cloud.3mdeb.com/index.php/s/siyMirafZCPMi3Q/download).

**Test steps**

1. Disconnect the DUT from power source.

2. Connect back the DUT to power source.

3. Power ON the DUT.

4. Use the below command to look at boot timestamps:

        sudo cbmem -T

**Expected result**

1. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:

        99     4084321 818      selfboot jump

    In this example we take `4084321` timestamp.

2. To get time in seconds, we need to divide the timestamp by 1000000.

        4084321 / 1000000

### BTM002.001 Warmboot time measurement

**Test description**

This test aims to measure warmboot time.

**Test configuration data**

1. `OPERATING_SYSTEM` = `Ubuntu 20.04`

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the

>    [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware).
```

2. Get `cbmem` tool from
[here](https://cloud.3mdeb.com/index.php/s/siyMirafZCPMi3Q/download).

**Test steps**

1. Power ON the DUT.

2. Power OFF the DUT.

3. Power ON the DUT.

4. Use the below command to look at boot timestamps:

        sudo cbmem -T

**Expected result**

1. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:

        99     4084321 818      selfboot jump

    In this example we take `4084321` timestamp.

2. To get time in seconds, we need to divide the timestamp by 1000000.

        4084321 / 1000000

### BTM003.001 Reboot time measurement

**Test description**

This test aims to measure reboot time.

**Test configuration data**

1. `OPERATING_SYSTEM` = `Ubuntu 20.04`

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the

>    [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [Generic test setup: firmware](generic-test-setup#firmware).
```

2. Get `cbmem` tool from
[here](https://cloud.3mdeb.com/index.php/s/siyMirafZCPMi3Q/download).

**Test steps**

1. Power ON the DUT.

2. Use the below command to reboot the DUT.

        sudo reboot

3. Wait until DUT reboots.

4. Use the below command to look at boot timestamps:

        sudo cbmem -T

**Expected result**

1. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:

        99     4084321 818      selfboot jump

    In this example we take `4084321` timestamp.

2. To get time in seconds, we need to divide the timestamp by 1000000.

>         4084321 / 1000000

Reviewer: please add a new line at the end of the file

Author: Newline is already added to the document. It just does not show up on GitHub. When the file lacks a new line at the end, appears communicate: "No newline at end of file".

Reviewer 2: Exactly. See here as well: https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/pull/101#discussion_r826856871

Reviewer: ok, thanks

# Booting time measurment with cbmem on Ubuntu OS

> ## Coldboot time measurment

Reviewer 3: Please refer this test suite to another test suite in `dasharo-compatibility`. All test descriptions have standarized design (permanent sections: Test description, Test configuration data, Test setup, Test steps and Expected results). These are mandatory corrections to be made before the task is completed.

1. Disconnect DUT from power source.

2. Connect back DUT to power source.

3. Power ON DUT.

> 4. Get `cbmem`.

Reviewer 3: If we write about any external software/scripts, we should add information, from where this one might be downloaded

5. Use below command to look at boot timestamps:
`sudo cbmem -T`

> 6. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Read timestamp from the last row. The last row should look like below:
```

`99     4084321 818      selfboot jump`
In this example we take `4084321` timestamp
7. To get time in seconds, we need to divide timestamp by 1000000.
`4084321 / 1000000`

***

## Warmboot time measurment

1. Power ON DUT.

2. Power OFF DUT.

3. Power ON DUT.

4. Get `cbmem`.

5. Use below command to look at boot timestamps:
`sudo cbmem -T`

6. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:
`99     4084321 818      selfboot jump`
In this example we take `4084321` timestamp
7. To get time in seconds, we need to divide timestamp by 1000000.
`4084321 / 1000000`

***

## Reboot time measurment

1. Power ON DUT.

2. Reboot DUT, using e.g.
`sudo reboot`

3. Get `cbmem`.

4. Use below command to look at boot timestamps:
`sudo cbmem -T`

5. Read timestamp from last row and second column. Last row may look like this:
`99     4084321 818      selfboot jump`
In this example we take `4084321` timestamp
6. To get time in seconds, we need to divide timestamp by 1000000.

> `4084321 / 1000000`

Reviewer 3: Please add empty line at the end of documentation
